******************************************************************
                             ATRIUM.WAD
                                             
      A DOOM pwad file with a really sneaky barrel puzzle

                     Designed by Steve Taylor

taylor@physics.carleton.ca         (constructive comments welcome)
******************************************************************

Atrium.wad is a fairly short DOOM level (completion times on
the order of 5 to 10 minutes).  The level is stored as E1M1.  In
particular, it contains a barrel puzzle which I think you may find
quite challenging.  You'll know what part I mean when you get to
it.  The rest of the level involves some tricky monster
confrontations.  It is not set up for multi-player currently.

The "atrium" part of the level involves lots of tree decorations
and may slow down the game unacceptably on anything but a fast 486.
If you're having problems just cheat to get past it.

The level was designed with DEU 5.0.  Congrats to the authors for
a great piece of public domain programming.

To invoke the level, copy atrium.wad into your DOOM directory and
type:

     doom -file atrium.wad

at the dos prompt.


***********  The Barrel Trick  **************

Ok, so you've tried the level once, and you've got to the barrel
part, and now you're saying to yourself "This guy's nuts! There's
no way to get past this without getting blown all to hell!"

Well, in fact there is a way to get by the barrels without taking
any damage at all!!!  It involves the use of a brilliant little
feature of the game (I don't mean the cheat mode ;-) ).  It's
really sneaky, but once you know what to do, it's quite repeatable,
with a little practice.  And yes, all the barrels explode in the
process.

I would love to give a little hint in this readme file but I'm
afraid even the smallest hint would give it away.  So here's what
I'll do... if you're completely stuck, and you really care, post a
message in alt.games.doom and I'll start with the hints.  If on the
other hand, you're the first in net-land to figure it out, post
you're own hints to alt.games.doom and save me the trouble. :-) 

Steve T.
