MAV2D - A Deathmatch WAD (BETA TEST) by Tom Neff
================================================
Version of August 5, 1994 (E1M1 only)

Please review this BETA TEST version of MAVERICK 2 and email your
comments to:      tneff@panix.com

--------

This is the first level of what will be a two or three level mini
episode based on ideas developed in MAVERICK.WAD, which everyone said
was beautiful but too big and ammo-poor for two players.  Instead of
putting all the neat ideas into one big level, I am breaking them up by
episode.  E1M1 is the Arena, with some surrounding corridors and a
central hide&seek a little like the one in E1M4 which seems popular.

It should be usable under 1.2 through 1.6, any deathmatch rules,
although the flow of play will of course be slightly different.  
Actually there are a couple of HOM (Hall Of Mirrors) glitches visible in
one or two "complex" spots under 1.2, but it doesn't affect game play
very much, and under 1.5-1.6 it's error free.

The exit switch is in the Northeast of the central courtyard, you press 
the Satyr switch (SW) on the Roundhouse to get to it.  Pardon the 
cacodemons. :-)

There are chainguns, shotguns, rockets, a plasma gun (hidden) and a
chainsaw (hidden).  A little armor and health.  The roundhouse has a blur 
sphere.  

A few monsters to soften you up, or you can play without them.

There is no nukage or crushers, but you can rocket yourself to death if
you insist.  I will probably segregate weapons by difficulty level in
the final product, but for now they're all in there.  

There are definitely some TRICKS to learn on this level, that will help
your competitive advantage.  Switches for rising walls, etc.  Nothing
earthshaking but it would pay to explore solo beforehand so you don't
find yourself fumbling with the enemy bearing down on you!

My thanks to AlanW and Barry Bloom for their helpful comments during the
development of this level.

--------

If you make a really cool LMP of this level I would like to see it!
Let me know via email.

-- 
Tom Neff             tneff@panix.com
