================================================================
Title                   : Mini DeathMatch for DOOM2 
File Name:              : MINIDETH.WAD
Author                  : Scott Smith 
Email Address           : scottallyn@aol.com
                          scotta@cris.com

================================================================
* Play Information *

Episode and Level #     : Map 1 
Single Player           : No, though there -is- a plyr 1 start
Cooperative 2-4 Player  : Didn't you read the title?
Deathmatch 2-4 Player   : Yes!! Intended for 3 or 4 plyrs, but
                          works very well with just two.

================================================================
* Description *

This is a DeathMatch level that I designed for id Software's
DOOM2: Hell on Earth. The idea for this level originated from
VERYTINY.WAD by jazz411@aol.com, which was just a single small
room with two large crates, shotguns, and a handful of Death-
Match starts. That doesn't sound like much, but if you toss
three or four players into that small room, you have a MAJOR
frag fest that is an absolute riot!

 I expanded upon that theme by making the level twice as big,
adding MANY various sized crates, a secret teleporter, primary
and secondary sniper's ledges, and ALL of the weapons. The BFG
requires a fairly skilled jump to get to, which is virtually
impossible to do when there are three other players trying very
hard to prevent you from getting it!

The primary sniper's ledge has a real good view of the main
room, offers good protection to the sniper, and is easily
defended. The secondary ledge, while not offering the best view
of the main room, allows good targeting on the two sniper
positions on the primary ledge. The secondary ledge also allows
you to toss a few rockets at another good holdout, which is in
one of the corners on top of a small crate near the large gray
teleporter crate. It's kind of an unspoken rule when we play
this level, that if anyone gets on that primary sniper's ledge,
the rest of the players will work together to bring him DOWN!
One or two players will cover the main sniping window, while
the other rushes the lift.

For two players, -ALTDEATH works pretty good (though you may
wat to try it with just -DEATHMATCH), but for three or four
players, -DEATHMATCH is the ONLY way to play this level! Due to
the small size of the level, your chances of lasting for more
than 30 seconds with three other players, is very slim; when
using -ALTDEATH, this means that half of the times that you get
killed, you'll not have even gotten a weapon! Using -DEATHMATCH
allows the players immediate access to ALL of the weapons. We
usually play it with -SKILL 5 so that the ammo will last a bit
longer.

Overall, I think that this has turned out to be a pretty good
DeathMatch level. It's asthetically pleasing, and has everything
that I look for in a DeathMatch PWAD (though on a smaller scale
than usual). I'd appreciate any feedback that you have to offer
and I'd love to see some of your recorded games in this level
(mail 'em to the CRIS address, since the AOL address doesn't
handle attached files very well... unless you're on AOL, then
just e-mail them to ScottAllyn).
================================================================

* Permissions *

Authors may NOT use this level as a base to build additional
levels without giving both myself AND jazz411@aol.com credit
for the original versions, as well as stating the changes made
within a text file. Also, please don't recycle the MINIDETH
or VERYTINY names with your modified version. I've found a few
modified versions of my other levels being passed around with
no mention that I created the original version, and that SUCKS!
Please have a little respect for the time involved in creating
this file by at least mentioning the orignal authors.

You MAY distribute this WAD, provided that you include this
file, with no modifications.  You may distribute this file in
any electronic format (BBS, Diskette, CD, etc) as long as you
include this file INTACT. If this level is to be distributed
under the MINIDETH name, the embedded ENDOOM directory entry
MUST be included (that's the credits that get displayed after
quitting the game. If MINIDETH is not mentioned there, then
someone has been goofing with the level!).